MNT Deprecate `multiclass_colors` in favour of `label_colors` in `DecisionBoundaryDisplay` (#34092)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.inspection/34092.enhancement.rst

- The parameter `multiclass_colors` was deprecated in favour of `label_colors` in
  :class:`inspection.DecisionBoundaryDisplay`. The attribute `multiclass_colors_` was

>   also renamed to `label_colors_`. Now they can also be used in binary problems without

Author: Not sure if referring to future work makes sense here, but without context this change seems a bit random.

Reviewer: Good point - I can see the cleanness of doing the deprecation and adding binary data handling separate PRs, since it touches so many files, but I can also see how it would make sense to do both in one PR... 🤔

Author: I'll wait to see if anyone else gives their +1 for reviewing this with even more changes and files changed. :sweat_smile: 

Another option would be to first change the binary data handling (to also use `multiclass_colors`) and then do the renaming in a follow-up. Maybe that would be cleaner?

Reviewer: Actually now that I think about it more it makes sense to do it this way.

Only suggestion is maybe

```suggestion
  also renamed to `label_colors_`. Now they can also be used for binary problems as well without
```
